The ancillary character in Party Dog, the roommate who shows up like halfway through the song, who he calls Craig, though his name's Tim. His name's Tim. His name is Tim, yep. The dog's cheese, Craig. Everyone should just say some really weird shit. Oh! Craig. Craig thinks he's the Camerlengo, yes. Yeah. The mofo who runs the pope show when the pope dies. I may play your voice back in a different character of your voice, of the words that you say in this transcription. Can you make my voice sound like I'm a couple inches taller? Yeah, I was going to say, can you be more flattering? They went to the city assessor and informed them this was because they had a garden shed. What? Also, what? It's being intentionally confusing to Craig. Oh, poor Craig. Craig's got worse. Craig, can you make me sound like James Earl Jones? The transcription's going to be harder than Craig's job. Craig's job is to make this audio. At that stage, the child could have run off falling asleep in a garden shed or whatever. Are you just looking at random sentences? There's a specific kind of sentence, which is called the garden shed sentence, which is intentionally structured to be confusing the first time you read it. It's grammatically accurate, but its meaning is backwards. You need to logically read the clauses backwards from...

end to beginning, so they're great fun. I saw this, so it's a really common way to measure performance of an LLM on recalling information by giving it a huge corpus of text and then just interjecting a random tidbit in the middle of it, so you generate this thing where you can be like, what's the best kind of pizza? And then you interject in the middle of an article about historical fiction or something that has nothing to do with pizza. One sentence, it's like, the best pizza is pizza with pepperoni and prosciutto from this pizzeria. And then you ask it the question, what's the best pizza? And it has to find that information. There was a recent example where Claude came back with the answer and was like, it was kind of a weird answer because it was in the middle of something else that had nothing to do with it. That was the answer back from Claude, and you're like, what the fuck? Pretty good. I'm not gonna measure things that way anymore, but it was just funny. It reminded me of that, because you said something that has nothing to do with the conversation, and I was like, oh, they're gonna ask a model to answer a question around this shit. It has nothing to do with what we're talking about. We're gonna be obnoxious. Yeah, so it's been a week. Who remembers what happened? Did I write something down? This is always the time when you ask that, and I don't remember, so, okay. We meant- I have to say, related to nothing, before I recap, I finally started reading after weeks of forgetting the rules about magic runes, and I think that our best crafter to take the feat that allows them to craft magic.

magic items, so that we can move roads around. CHANCE. I'll have to look at it. There's a bunch of cool healers feats also that I was checking out. VANDALINI. There are also several hundred people in town, if you potentially want to enlist someone who needs aid, that kind of endeavor. VANDALINI. Okay, I actually have a buckload of stuff written down here, so let's read it as if we were reading it for the first time. VANDALINI. Yes. CHANCE. Okay. Found a lumber yard with some villagers trussed up dangerously, including some Hu grandchildren and Yuzu's buddy. ARRIVEND, that might be a typo, but also kind of a cool word. We arrived at Granny Hu's with some Hu's in tow, and she seems happy. MOE is man dressed in cloak. Be careful searching for spider, don't know why it is animated, Maybe not an ally? Xiongpeng and his guards were supposed to secure downtown, but they are MIA. Maybe Granny doesn't care too much about the Trans River Romance. Remember ten healing potions and eight potency crystals. Hey, remember ten healing potions and eight potency crystals. Were you supposed to make us a loot box with that? VANDALINI. I did that already. I dropped it onto the pig. Okay, and we put that stuff in our inventory, probably. Okay.

Uh, we find some people that we know, uh, Lyra's buddy, a little frosty, what does that mean? Is it like a... What does that mean? Ben, you're on mute. Is your buddy a little frosty or a little frothy, is that a noun or an adjective? Frosty or frothy? Which, which, which... Either? I have one written down, a little frosty. Our relationship is not very frothy. Your relationship is a little frosty, okay, got it, totally makes sense. He seems cold and coated in like, uh, a rhyme. And there's foam coming out of his mouth. Alright, um, suddenly Zhang Peng shows up, including my boy Rui. They tried to secure the armory and the barracks, but were beset by Jinken and allies and were beaten and held in the jail, and some of us were more cowardly than others, Rui, though they escaped. Mo is a man in a ceremonial robe, disgusting, hedonist, head moved in a weird way, Jinken terrified of him and they fought like demons under his orders. Mo may be a Roku-Rokubi, oh, Roku-Rokubi, okay, right, um, ah, gah! That's gross. Um, a Muppet man who kills hedonists, uh, went to bathhouse, found Yod's only friend who said Kappas are killin' in the bathhouse, they seemed...

Not evil looking blue balls because I was ready to make some turtle soup. Oh, I did I wrote that down. Yeah Eventually they eventually they took a cucumber bribe to leave I hang it in there Craig Recording the audio Yeah, Roku Roku me, yeah, all right Finally, we went to the tea house where there was a big fucking toad and found financial papers that suggested the tea houses financial problems Started before the collapse of the Empire and also the last will and testament of the last proprietor That's right last thing I ever Excellent, I believe here a point for two reasons who's in tow is delightful And I'd also making some fucking turtle soup. I think I hear a point for you To your points. You're saying I'm saying I'm saying you can start the session with two hero points. Yes Hey, and also Lyra start the session with two hero points because I should have given you a hero point for excellent Better use better use this way anyways, yeah, right You can you have it now instead of five minutes before the session ends. So there we go did we What was the moment we stumbled upon this head guy this we know this is the robe guy right the guy who looks like no Yeah, mo we know the neck guy mo we realize

Yeah. We, uh, we did a recall knowledge. Yeah. We remember this strange mythical or like legendary figure with the creep neck thing and we just discovered him in this Rullion house. You knew that Maudauquai is the leader of the monsters in downtown Billshore. And you correctly inferred that he is a Roku Rokubi, which is consistent with what you see. Oh, that's okay. I forgot that Roku Rokubi is this dude is this thing. It's yeah. Roku Rokubi is like a spirit which, um, manifests as a result of someone, uh, being an extreme hedonist, but, but it doesn't manifest in that person. It manifests in someone who's close to them. It's like a curse. So it would take over like their child or their spouse or something who would then devolve into this creature that you see in foreground as sort of punishment for that other person's hedonism. Wow. Harsh. You told us a little bit of a story about like partners was a shadow playing the head and one displaying the body related to Roku Rokubi, which was interesting to creatures here. We're not sure. So that was, that was like, um, the way that you had learned about this was from like a traveling circus storyteller and that was their, their act to like play out the long neck, like a shadow, a shadow box, essentially. Oh, so that's cool. I would have pronounced it Ochu, I think.

Rochu. No, Dochu. Moe, Dochu. Oh, you're probably right. We all know that I'm a potato and skinny things, so I'm sure that's true. But I'm gonna remember it, Dao Kui. Dao Kui? Yeah, no, I think you're right. We'll say it that. I'm just gonna say Moe. I'm just gonna say Moe. I like Moe. Cool. So everyone, reset hero points to one except for Tenshi and Lyra. Y'all talked to Moe quite a bit. So you can have repositioned a little bit within the Cerulean Tea House in advance of initiative beginning. But if you try to set up a flank, that'll probably trigger a more quicker initiative. But like a couple of feet this way or that way wouldn't change things. These doors are all closed, right? Only one of the doors. Go ahead. Sorry, you answer first. No, only one of the doors y'all opened in the dialogue, but you can have opened other doors. They're just simple sliding banquet hall doors. Okay. Can you drag Moe onto the map? I think Moe is here. Does anyone want me to have moved further into the room so that there's space for other people too? Yeah, I probably should be up close. Oops. I just have to watch Worthy from the rear flank. Well, there might be doors to the north right too. I'm kind of worried about that. There's also boxes. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know.

bodies everywhere here? Like, just like... Yeah. Gross shit. Is it stinky in here? Oh, yeah. It's like, it's covered in gore, and in addition to that, there are also bodies hanging from the rafters. Uh-oh. That are, like, tied with ropes. And sometimes they're, like, full of bodies. This is, like, Tenshi's scene, right? This is, like, unambiguous, pure evil. Plus, he's extra offended because he has sentimental attachment to this teahouse. And so he is ready to fucking go. Oh, yeah. Uh, yes. Rage fills within me, if you will. So someone with a neck like that has got to be weak to crushing damage, right? Someone with a neck like that. So, the last thing that y'all discussed with Mo was Hamachi asked, why are you doing this? And Mo responded, because this town is the most boring place ever. Everyone working day in, day out just to make ends meet. Every single year, doing the same thing over and over again. All that work just to survive. Wouldn't you want to liven this up, too, if you see everyone forever mired in the same dreadful routine? None of us like the same dreadful routine. I'm not too big a fan of the changes we already had, I'll have you know. And in response to that, Mo starts to

It just narratively starts to like stand because he's grown up prone. He's laying in a pile of filth and Parts Oh, I had one quick question shit Well, so we did a recall knowledge, but like not when we were physically looking at Mo Like earlier on to figure out that he was a Rokuroku be In combat do I expect to get different information from a recall knowledge check Versus like out of combat when I'm thinking about a creature a person Another action to like learn more about them for yeah, I've already got most of that I think I oh, I think when you did a recall knowledge check last time on a rope the rope to be what you got was Not very much. So yes, you could try them if you want And so just to clarify like if I would have like let's say I rolled really really well I would have gotten more combat kind of information about the Rokuroku be Yes. Okay. Thank you. Sure How many dramatic audio of the race So how much you you are As they say up first here Wait is Gumo up first. Is that real? No, I'm not in the real. Okay I'm not sure what to do with this guy. Do we know anything about his weird weasel? I'm not sure what to do with this guy. Do we know anything about his weird weasel?

It looks like a weasel, you can try to recall knowledge if you want to know more. I would love to know more. Alright. Go for it. Secret nature. Thank you. Alright. Or for a lower DC, an applicable lore. Which I think I'm going to start letting y'all make your case about which lore skill you think would be applicable for a lower DC. I remember studying a book of weasel art. It was just paintings of weasels, sort of like scientific illustration style. It was really interesting. I absolutely would have let you have that one if it hadn't rolled already. But you do, you recall that like very frequently Roku Rokubi have weasel, like not quite familiars, but little companions. Yeah, but they like sort of enhance the Roku Rokubi's spiritual connection to where they are. Got it. I wonder if the weasel that I slammed- Yeah, I was about to say, I wonder if that has anything to do with the weasel I slammed into the wall, if it was another familiar, or just a regular weasel. I think the only way to find out is to stomp on this weasel. You know me and weasels. Yuzu, I'm sorry, Yuzu, I don't have you in initially, would you care to roll? Oh, yeah. I would love to get into initiative. Yeah, you can roll directly from the initiative if you'd like. The initiative.

the encounter tab. encounter tab. encounter tab. get in there. oh. neat-o. bam! baby! late to the party but here I am. there you go. told y'all I was mad. chicken doesn't seem super helpful so I'll use my other two actions to base bolt him. too far away? that's the weasel. okay. going too far. yeah, yeah, yeah. just kidding. I can only reach the big guy. I'll get the weasel, don't worry. all right. I'm targeting that guy with this thing. quick question. are these tables still upright? could I stand the weasel against it if it were like an edge? you know what I mean? absolutely. I'm just planning. okay. fabulous. you could. they're not difficult to bring but they are still there. okay. if that makes sense. y'all are heroes. you can jump on a table and walk across it if you want to. yeah. blood-soaked tables and all that. so hard to un-target.

Yeah, T toggles between target and untarget. That's why I screwed it up previously, because I did it like 5 times, and then I didn't realize that that untarget is screwing it. Adrian. Wow. I am going to have Gumo... is there stuff over here he can hide in? Or she can hide in? Like arms? Adam. Oh, yeah. Yeah, there's junk. All right, Gumo's going to take some cover in the junk. Or hide? Or... I don't remember exactly how that works. One of them is like stealthing, right? And one of them is kind of blocking. In order to attempt to hide, you must be behind cover. So I think taking cover... Which I'm not yet. Yeah. All right, Gumo takes cover. Okay, cool. All right. You don't have to take cover to gain cover. It's going to be your best bet if you take cover, right? Yeah, I don't think Gumo is currently in cover. But if you like... Yeah, scan her cover, right? So you can't hide unless you scan her cover. And then hunker down into the junk. And get into cover as an action. I think so, yeah. Cool. All right, she's taken cover. And next play other things. That's it. Cool, cool. Use your... Well, we all know what I'm doing. I'm going to go after that weasel. Okay. I'm going to hit the right tool once I get my mouse pad aligned. Oops. All right. The right measuring moving distance tool, ThingymaBobber. Good luck with ThingymaBobber.

Clyde, Greg, you know who you are. So the L ruler, right? The L ruler is to draw templates on the map. If you want to move, it's within that little person icon. On the right-hand submenu, it's the third one down. It's the straight ruler. It looks like this. Yeah, that's the left. I always hit the wrong one for reasons truly unknown to me. So... Both are called UX and UI design. That's why. It's not actually... Okay. So one... That's... Oops. Especially because one's called Measurement Controls, and the other one's called Measure Distance. They use the same first word for both of them also, because that's how... Yeah. It's bad. Would moving... I don't know if you guys can see my pathing. Would moving here promote be cool to be able to smack the weasel or grapple the weasel? It sure would. Yeah. You can have moved either in an L or in the path that you're taking. Oh, okay. Well, then. Either way, that's one movement then, I guess. Before you smack the weasel, when you step here, Mo's neck kind of snakes out and doesn't bite you. But rather, it, like laughing, bites the rope that's hanging at the bottom, and I just sort of drop it on top of your head. Oh. Cool. I love that from you. But, Adlai, I wouldn't have done anything else.

I mean, yeah, you can definitely still make your attack. Just one moment. Would you please make a basic reflex saving throw with Infected? Yes! 13 is a regular failure. And this body kind of horribly tumbles and lands on you. It gets doors and blood all over the place, so it takes 8 bludgeoning damage, but then you can continue moving and smack the resource here. At least it wasn't the bookshelf. So would you like me to, in order to pick up the weasel, would you like me to grapple it? Please. Yeah? Okay. Then I will target it first. Yep, I know things and stuff. Okay. Molaf, did you know that one? Do I know what? Did you know that one? The bodily dress dropped on your head? No. Stinky. The user who can't tell apart faces, they have to take off their shoes first. I'm really... Yeah, first of all, I do only recognize by feet. The amount of fecal matter coming out of the feet. Can we give Frigg a foot fetish? For reasons unknown.

Struggling to apply the to to take the action to grapple if you if you roll Athletics you were looking for a DC 14. Okay, I will do that then. Oh Yeah, you can click it within the description in the chat, is that right? Oh, okay Thank you. Yeah, I think it'll know Oh Well, I started off with a hero point so I will take that This does seem like a combat to use here I think you have mo wrong wrong have mo targeted instead of Do I Tell me why I have myself targeted You grapple yourself and willingly. Oh, yeah says target you do Yeah And not myself I will listen You already rolled it you already rolled a 17 to grab the weasel, that's No, you're good One so it's all good Independent statistics aren't a real thing at all

definitely wait can i oh oh possible to roll i did not mean to i thought i was hitting the x just to exit out but i set my initiative to eight i'm so sorry i'm a mess today i don't know what this is going great y'all i've played games before you guys this is going so well um okay so so so i've successfully grappled correct okay one remaining action with currently you marked this oh yeah you did all right the weasel yes the weasel is now correctly marked i'm gonna uh an arm strike smack this thing like trying to center its long weird spine onto like the edge of the table while i just flail it down great unarmed strike please yes excellent oh baby a crit i love it all right show us show me what you got damage wise wild here we go and it would not have it would not have crit if you hadn't grappled because the minus two is what god is due to a plus time baby me oh i meant to grab that thing not just in it i wanted to grab it throw it can can we give yuzu a weasel slayer title or something i feel like we've unlocked an achievement please that rolls off the tongue yeah it really does okay i don't have a certain

name, but in this lifetime she definitely is taking that surname. I think your personality beliefs, which is currently empty, should be weasel flying. You know, I'm basically obligated to sprinkle weasels through the rest of the adventure. Oh yes, I'd be happy to take them down. I must pull them before doing anything else. Yeah, this is awesome. And in one hit too. How did you kill the weasel again? I actually wasn't listening enough. So yeah, I definitely took this thing really like, I imagine, like under the armpits, you know what I mean? Like head and armpits areas where I grabbed it and tried really hard to center its weirdly long spine on the edge of the table and just brought it down like a hammer and an anvil, just curb stomping it with like the edge of the table, if you will, just with force. Hey Craig, don't send this to the FBI, please. I love it so much. Craig, please don't send this to the FBI. Thank you. It's a fantasy weasel. I'm not actually doing weasel rules. You know, it's really easy when I read the transcript later. I'm just going to search for Craig because that's what all the information is. I'm just talking to Craig. You guys identify me. You're just like Craig. Now we have to call him something else. Coconut. Coconut. Craig.

Outstanding turn, Yuzu. You have slain Fluffy Whiskers, the weasel. You know, once I figured out how Foundry worked, it was great. Thank you so much, Yuzu. I just temporarily forgot everything I've ever known about Foundry, but you know what? I also had a hard time understanding. I have a hero point. I feel you. You deserve one for that outstanding turn. That's one, two, three, right? Yeah, that's everything. Alright, Yod. Promote, I forgot to ask this when it happened. Do you think that Tenshi was adequately prepared for combat to get going to have given Yuzu a DR on that body that fell on her? Yes. Okay, then 3 DR for that. 3 DR? Oh, damage reduction. Yuzu, you'll take 5 instead of 8. Yeah. Yes, this seems like a dent. Yeah, I'm not close enough to attack it, but I am close enough to Yuzu to have reduced her damage. Sweet. Thank you. Mr. Yod. Oh, wait. Sorry, question. I was like, I hit the automatic button and it says I took 8 damage, but it only gave me 4 damage? Are you raging? Because I was at 32, but I am raging.

I don't know if it's- What does rage do? I don't know if it's- Rage gives temp HP, I think. Yeah, it did, and it said it in the big long what's-a-jiggy, um, when I hit the rage button. Weren't you raging before combat? Yeah, yeah. Yeah, when did you rage? Yeah, I raged before combat, because I came in, saw the bodies, and just declared I'm mad as fuck. Didn't you say she was mad as fuck? I think that was accurate. Yeah, for sure. Yeah, right. Dead bodies, strewn about. Yeah, that's probably the explanation of the button. Two additional damage with melee. Um, blue, blue, blue. Maybe it's because you were grappling yourself, so you only did half damage. You hugged yourself first, so it's half damage. So- That's how it works. I'll just take the five. I'll just take the five and call it, because I don't see anything about, like, taking less damage. This is feeling additional damage. You do get temp HP equals your level plus con mod, so you should be getting two, three, four- So then that does add up, right, yeah. So- Yeah. So you should only take, like, one actual damage from your HP. Okay, okay. Yeah, 35. Thanks, everyone, for explaining everything to me today. Thanks. You're very welcome. Your turn, Yod. I'm done being dumb. For now. I'll probably target this guy, shoot a needle dart at him. Hell yeah, brother.

That looks like it's probably an okay result. Okay, um, Mo continues laughing, like, maniacally. He can laugh all he wants. He is. He's gonna. Good! I hope he does. He is gonna. Do you want me to just double that? Yeah, I don't need a lot of normal damage. I don't, uh... All right, your needle darts strike true. And Mo takes the amount of damage you would expect. He's not dead. Or close. Damn it, Mo. Uh, Yod is gonna turn to the toad. Yod to toad? Yod to the toad. And he's gonna do his best, like, impression of an eagle. Like, trying to scare away the giant toad so it doesn't come over here. All right, excellent. So, the downside of this plan is that I have no capacity to succeed in this task. But it definitely seems in keeping with what Yod would do. My understanding is, I'm trying to do a demoralize check. Which is, I roll intimidation against their will save. And that's not gonna go well. And you do take a minus four because you don't share a landage. Oh. Plus you have the feat that...

that lets you do it without. I can stare at it meanly next round. Whatever. I don't have anything else to do. So that's what I'm doing. You could take cover. It will eat you. Don't take cover. All right. Can I just yell at it while I hide somewhere? Oh, I can't see. Did it move? We're cover faring up. It hasn't. No, no, no. He's gonna yell at it. I'll be closest to him. I'll just scream at it as I move into the room then. There you go. Now I'm the closest to it. Perfect. Okay. One, two, three. No, that should be it. Okay. Tenshi has two questions before he does anything. First, did you say anything about like the debris all around here being any kind of difficult terrain or anything? It is not. It is horrible, especially in the center of the room. So it's up to you if you would walk through that area, including lots of body parts, but it's not. I think Tenshi is pretty fearless in that regard. And the other question is, do I see, ideally without taking an action to check, are there like other bodies hanging around the room that seem strategically placed to be dropped on people? They're not strategically- If so, can I tell where they are? Yeah. There are lots of them around the room. I'm not sure if I can reveal all these Xs, but you see there's one right above your head. There are several above this area. This one was already dropped over here. There's one.

over here, there's one over here, there's one right above Moe, they're kind of all around. Okay, I mean I don't know if it's too dense that you can't really, and so be it, but I would, you know, ideally would try to avoid certainly stopping underneath one of them, and if I could help it, even passing underneath, but I don't know how. There's so many that you can't really do that, then. No, you can. So there's one right above your head right now, and then there's between you and Moe, there's one right here, and then there's one above Moe, and then there's one over here. Above Moe, as in the square above Moe, where I want to go stand to flank? Behind Moe, yeah, if you were to flank with Yuzu, there's probably a fair chance. I'm probably still going to, because I don't want to not flank. On the other hand, I'm pretty bad at reflex saves. There's a lot of damage for a body falling. For not a critical failure, just a regular failure. Regular failure, yeah. Double that on a crit. He did that like off-turn, right, like as a legendary or reflex or something, or sorry, or reaction or something. As a reaction, yeah.

Nobody else is planning to get into Melee besides Yuzu and me, is that true? I'm gonna probably send TBD into Melee if you wanna wait a second. You might be able to get a point in a different way. I was thinking about possibly setting up blocking for somebody else. Yeah, but you can delay. Have it for yourself. No, it takes too many actions, plus the reaction that I don't want to give up. So I'm not much of a delayer. Wait, delay does- you still get your react- you lose your reaction. You have to use your reaction to do the thing later, right? Yep. I assume. Yep. Got it. Yeah, you do have a reaction. That's nice. Okay, I'm going to... ...try to here. And then I'm going to base shield and strike. Strike. Very effectively, with I think no bonuses or anything, because we don't have anything that would do that, right? Not yet. Like that! Ooh! Hey! That'll do it!

Yeah, not bad, not bad, not bad at all. Moe cackles in like, yes, yes. That sounds terrible. Does he seem to be like, being damaged by it? Oh yes, yes, he looks to be in physical pain and also- Okay, but just associate- Uh oh. Maybe he gets more damage he takes. It's a spirit of being weird about liking shit, right? It's a spirit of being weird about liking shit. True. A spirit about being a freak? Spirit of freakiness. One, two, three? One, two, three. Lyra. Good job on initiative, though. Yeah, I know. Way before. When I did Recall Knowledge on this Toad before, do I feel like they are likely to be able to get to me on their turn easily, and like, eat me whole? Kind of like a question. Get to you on their turn? Yes, certainly. And eat me whole. All of those things in one turn. Based on nothing in particular, I assume that they can jump like 80 feet at a time. I don't know. Yeah, you know they swallow creatures whole. I mean, you don't know specifically the action economy of that, but they'll be able to get to you. Probably have to strive twice to do so. Okay.

But it also can stretch its neck out like 40 feet. Yeah. It's like a Roku Roku. It's a go. Roku. Toad Koo. Toad Koo Bee. The Roku Roku. The Toad. Toad Koo. Toad Koo Bee. Toad Koo. Toad Koo. Sorry, Craig. I'm gonna enjoy reading it with a session. I see that I confused Kala. That's perfect. What? I mean, it's just like, am I trading? Am I trading off with Yoad to see who gets eaten by the frog? Like if I move closer inside, then Yoad just gets eaten by the frogs. Let's take a minute here to consider which of the two of us looks least appetizing. I did recently bathe, so it's closer than normal. I literally just was in a bath. I don't care about cleanliness as like their... It's okay. I think I have maybe a better chance of surviving being eaten by a toad than you. I'm not sure about that, though. But also, you can't heal me and I can't heal you, though. So there's that. That is true. Are we... Wait, do you have heal spells or do you have none? Oh, spell's gone. I got nothing. But I do have like healing kits and stuff, but I guess you do also. Yeah. No, I used all my fucking spells at the hospital. Yeah. That's what I thought. I just wanted to verify that. So throwing the useless party member under the bus is less concerning than a few moments ago. Hey. Yod unfairly resents that. Interesting. I like to recall knowledge on the Roku Roku being.

What is it nature? I don't actually know what it is. It is a secret society. Or if you can convince me of an applicable more still. Nope, society sounds good. Oh, a secret society role. I don't remember anything new that you haven't already thought of. I'm going to command TBD to fly carefully past Yuzu to behind the Roka Roka Bee. I don't think you said there was any bodies there. No, not here. You remembered correctly. And Moe has already used his reaction foot around so he doesn't do anything about that. And then TBD is going to use their second action for their special action for the... Whatever, what is it even called? Bird support action. Bird support action. Yep, that's it. And then for the third action we'll shoot some arrows. Alright, what do you think? Do you think Moe has any cover from Lyra? Um... How tall is this shit in the way? Not tall.

I mean, I'm not using a lean out action and I am adjacent to the wall, so the main question would be, if anything, I think it would be lesser cover. But it's up to you. Yeah, that seems reasonable. Lesser cover seems reasonable. Okay, I don't know how to apply it. So should we just subtract? It's a minus one. Yeah. It's a minus one. So we will attack with an arrow. Alas. And then the second arrow. I'm sorry. I meant to say I'm using the haunted shrine. Oh, that's fine. This is fine. Yeah, well. One, two, three. One, two, three. The toad goes, normally this word is used to describe the way rabbits move, but I think it's so fun. Have y'all, are y'all familiar with this? No. Lippity, lippity. Yeah. Yeah. Lippity, lippity. It seems like a great way to do that. Goes lippity, lippity. Like this. Into the doorway, which is open. Takes two strides to do that. And then, I'm going to be shot at the toad, so I'm going to go, I'm going to go one. So that was two strides, and then he's going to try and bite you, Lyra, like this. Twenty-four. Dealing a small amount of damage. Thirteen. Jesus. That would have been bad.

That would have been very bad for Yod. Yod is going to turn to Hamachi and say, Hamachi, Hamachi, push it off the ledge. Hamachi, there's a ledge. Push it off the ledge. With what? With his muscles. I look at my small fox arms. Right. That's kind of what I mean. Then you're on me, Toad. That's one, two, three for Warty the Toad. And then Moe. Hello, entertainment. I crave blood. Well, good. I just gave you some. What do I get? I know. What's my prize? The first thing Moe's going to do is stand, because Moe is lying down in a pile of filth this whole time. It's a good fucking hit by Warty. Just clarifying, Moe does not seem unhappy about the demise of the weasel? If anything, happy about it? Yeah. Right. Moe seems. But also, Moe is happy that he was shot with needle darts and other things like that. It wasn't like, oh, good, my nemesis, the weasel. It was good. So Moe has used an action with the move trait. And I don't think any of you have a reaction right now. OK, so it doesn't matter. And then Moe is going to. How would one get one of those cool reaction strikes to move around? Take a feat for you. Yeah. And Moe is going to look at Yuzu.

and open his mouth, and you see within his mouth is like another mouth, like the layered rows of teeth. Like- I thought you were going to say a weasel. A weasel pops out of the place of his tongue and starts talking to you. And it's just wearing a mohs suit. Yeah, that's much grosser. And it's going to tell you that the mohs is going to eat your face off. Oh. And demoralize you like that. Holy shit. Oh. It's because my- Probably a grit. Will DC. Okay. Wish me luck. It's not going to, you know. Oh no, this isn't a roll. It's your static DC. You're like whatever your- Oh, I'm sorry. Whatever your will modifier is plus 10 is your DC. High wisdom. Will modifier. It's nine plus 10. So it would be 19. So 19. A critical failure. Yeah, still not even close. Grit. So yeah. And it charged up and opened its horrible maw with teeth and uses. So I think. Yeah, correct. This is Frightened 2, right? I think so, yeah. Yeah, I mean, that is pretty scary. And so, yes, this is unsettling to you. And then Moe is going to try to, you know, eat your face off in the manner as was shown. Like this.

23 is not a crit, is that right? No, I don't believe so. Oh, my AC did go down from all the things, though. It did. And the second pair of teeth kind of lacerates you as it pulls away, so he bites a chunk of your flesh off and begins eating that chunk of flesh. And also, the scraping from the teeth causes you that amount of persistent bleeding damage. Okay. It didn't give me flanking. So, um, I guess one question. Do leschies canonically have blood? Because I'm not playing. Oh, good question. So, like, is he even into it? Oh, he's, yeah, he's into it. But because, like, there's no blood. Maybe. It's just violence, not blood. He says blood. It's a fair point, because I can't use my bleed effect on creatures that don't have blood. All right, let's Google. I think leschies are not immune to blood. Let's ask. It's not immune. They possess it. Right, like, I don't think they have it. It doesn't say undead are immune to bleed. It just says undead don't have blood. Actually, no. I think it does say undead are immune to bleed in the persistent damage. It's not well organized, but it's in, if you care to read, a huge paragraph of text. I mean, for the damage, I would read a paragraph of text for attack.

I can believe that, like, leshies bleed because they have, like, a life essence to them, like, it's a different thing. Bleed damage has no effect on non-living creatures or living creatures that don't need blood to live, is the language in the player core. So do leshies not have blood, is that what we're saying? They don't need it to live, because it's the same with vampires. Vampires have blood, they don't need it to live, which is weird because they do need it to live. They do need it to live. Right. Closely, they can bleed. This is just Reddit, though. It's very hard to find a definitive answer. Yeah, I was trying to use my chatbot. Describe! Doesn't feel intended for leshies to be immune to a whole damage type. It's such a huge bonus, right? To be immune to it. Yeah, I actually don't see anywhere in the leshie block where it says they don't have blood. I see that you don't have to eat to not need to get blood. I mean, even if they don't have blood, they still probably have vital fluids, right? Like a circulatory system. Capillaries and shit. Do trees have capillaries? They have sap. Their sap travels up and down massive lengths. Sap is a what? Capillary action is a vital fluid. I mean, animated skeletons don't have any sort of fluid or whatever, and they're, you know, a thing. Yeah, but the undead are immune to bleed damage. They are definitely immune to bleed damage, yeah. But I mean, it's different. It's a lip thing, right? I say DM discretion, right? Like, let's say you.

Yeah, I don't see anywhere where Lesh is going to have the lead. I did reduce the damage by 4, and then I think probably missed my attack even when we add flanking in. Even when we add flanking in, yeah. So I will manually take 6 then. Yes. And you are subject to a d6 of bleed, persistent damage, so on your turn you get to make a flat check, and if you get a 15 or better, it goes away on its own, otherwise you need medical treatment. You need like someone to come and do like a first aid on you to stop this thing from bleeding. Also, where does it take my chunk? Where do you think it takes your chunk? I like that. It has a long reach, man. Would you accept a couple of my toes? Yeah, wherever you think. I mean that's like 20-30% of her body volume. Yeah, that's kind of what I mean. Can he read how important my stompers are? Would he go for them? If Mo had used a recall knowledge on you and had applicable usage lore, he would know. It's just a narrative. This will all heal. Okay. Yeah. Then definitely like foot area. Yeah. That's cool. That's stand. Demoralize. Demoralize. Demoralize. Demoralize. Demoralize. Demoralize. Demoralize. Demoralize. Demoralize. Demoralize. Demoralize.

So, it's top of the round again, Hamachi. All right. I am going to use an action to command Sumo to, I, wait, yeah, that's an action. And then if he hides with stealth, can he move in a stealthy way to maintain it if he stays under all that crap? He can sneak, yes. Yeah, sneak, that's the, that's the action. Okay, so he's going to hide, so stealth. Yes. Yep, first action, hide. You have cover, so you get a bonus on this for your cover. You have standard cover, which is plus two, and you're trying to hide, so you need to be a Perception DC of, I can read, I can read, you need to be a Perception DC of 21. Oh, I am not hidden. And I'll just have him stride, like, wait, if I, if he flies, does he fall at the end of the round? No, I think we decided that's just... Or I guess he has Climber. He can just fly and then stick himself on the wall. Yeah, but even if you were in the middle of the air, I think it's just dumb to have your familiar fall and die at the front. And then I'm going to use my remaining two actions to attempt to Phantom Pain this, I'm worried about the Toad, but how's Mo looking? 50%?

Okay, I will, he's way over there though, I can't move, so yeah, I'm going to attack the toad. I'm going to target him, I'm going to click it. Oh, nice, nice, nice, nice, oh, there it is, that looks like a critical failure, so he is sickened too, and I roll damage, amazing, and persistent mental damage, right. So that stays until the spell is good. Oh, 1d4 persistent, I just roll that later, on later turn. So yeah, it takes full initial and persistent damage, so the 2d4 is the initial, but the persistent mental starts now, or rather, on its turn, on Willer's turn. I will later need to sustain that, right? No, the duration is one minute. If you need to sustain it, it would say sustain on the duration. Got it, okay, sweet, okay, it's banging, good job, I am done. 1, 2, 3, YouTube.

I think I'm going to poke it with my thingy, my naginata. That would make sense. Yes, I think, I agree. Oh, wow, yeah, I forget I have all these effects on me. I'm still going to do it. I'll just be, hopefully, equally as effective. When does frighten drop off? Is it the beginning of your turn or is it the end of your turn? Yeah, and also, when do I take my damage, beginning or end? Also, thank you for the reminder. At the end of each of your turns, you can just hover over the frighten, and it will pop up. So, yeah, at the end of your turn, don't forget to reduce your frighten condition by one, and we'll find out when you take the persistent damage. Thank you for the reminder. Have a heroic point for reminding me of that. At the end of each of your turns. Doesn't fucking matter. Look at y'all. Look at y'all. Pushing through it. I'm happy that all the good rolls are happening against this weasel and this ugly little bitch. You're trying to hit the double button. Huh? Just kidding. The critical button. So it rolls your deadly die. Kill! Wow! Even with my effects? Bro. How was that? That was pretty good.

Does he like that? He's looking pretty bad. No, but he's pleased, right? He doesn't give a fuck about your fatality damage, but other than that, it's good. Moe loves this. Moe is into it. Yep. Yeah. He's not standing up very well. Hang on a second, just hang on a second. This only applied 21 out of 26 damage. The fatality damage, it's not, I'm guessing his immune fatality. If he's alive, yeah, right. Yep, yep, yep, yep, yep. If he's alive, as if we're gonna fight the dead version of Moe in about 30 seconds. Well, you know, if you're fighting on dead or fiends or. Yeah, I hear you, I heard you, I heard you loud and clear. When he's alive, while he's alive. While he's alive, because we're gonna fight the dead version of Moe in about 30 seconds. I mean, I assume that he, this is the dead version, right? The like horribly twisted ghost version of Moe. Obviously, I'm just not effective. So that's one. All right. Roll another 20. Yeah, just do it again. I'll just do that. She had to pull out her naginata though. Even with the multi whatever. Did she have to like actually pull her weapon out as an action, like annoyingly? From an unarmed strike, maybe. Cause I wasn't. Yeah, I unarmed striked. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Well, if you had your naginata in, oh yeah, because you said you're the Bracket Weasel. Yeah, that's right. Yeah, I would have had to put my hand back on the two hands. Oh, you're right, yes. So.

I still hit it one more time yeah so I want to see I guess that's not really as important right now so yeah I'll just roll another 20 you guys ready all right 11 is less than 20 last I checked yeah I know sorry uh one two but an excellent turn regardless 21 damage is not bad I'm pretty stinking happy all right uh one two three so let's go and do the your frightened condition goes down by one okay how do I how do I do it oh oh I just right click it yeah I'm just right click it bro isn't foundry just pretty you know earlier in the session you couldn't have convinced me but now yeah now that I do what I'm semi doing I'm a foundry enjoyer um so a dc dc 15 oh yeah check please um dc 15 so that's just an unmodified that's just an unmodified d20 you can roll you can um uh I mean yeah like how do I get to yep just like that oh yep okay I forgot you can do the yeah yeah let's roll 20 also i'm sure yeah so there's a dice roll of some all all the systems you can do this

6 is less than a 15, so you will take 2 bleed damage at the end of your turn. Which is it? Gracias. Yoda, you're up. I will, I mean, I'll shoot at the frickin thing again. Which frickin thing? The toad literally in your face? Or the thing farther away? Probably the thing farther away, I bet. If we can kill that guy, like, he's taking the damage, right? If we can put 1 down, then, like, we reduce the, you know, total problems. I wonder if we can tell if the toad is enchanted in some way? Maybe if we kill the bad guy, maybe it could be tamed or something? I failed at my recall knowledge, but I thought the toad was enchanted. Doesn't matter if I'm gonna roll a 4, I ain't gonna do shit. I will... Hero point? Hero point is re-roll? Or plus d6? I'll re-roll then. Oh! Quite a beautiful roll. Not somebody won on one of us. That's a bummer. I take cover under the table. Valid, honestly. Yo, scaredy cat? What? There's a giant fucking toad over there.

just did like- Yeah, look at me! Why are you scared? Why are you scared? I have 15 AC, that toad could kill me. I have 15- Straight kill me. I recently had 15 AC. I walked into the front of the snake man with two heads! One inside of the other! I have 14 AC, no damage resistance, and 26 maximum health. The toad can literally just kill me. I mean he's going to literally just kill me next round. Yeah, there's nothing that I can do to stop that from happening. I know, because we went into this combat very, very well suited for healing with our cleric. Doing great so far, y'all. Yeah, honestly- I remember myself saying very specifically that most of us have all of our resources, so it'll be fine. Yep. I saved all of my resources. And that it will be fine. Thank you for also saying those words. I think they'll help us. If it makes you feel any better, if you die, I can cast a spell where I get stronger from your death. It does make me feel better. I mean, that makes me feel worse. That's the Yod thing to have. That's so Yod. It makes me feel worse. Yeah, right. Like you walk in, your surgeon's like, if you die, I become more powerful. I also get paid more. I get a promotion. Good job. Um, okay. So Tenshi is gonna lean out from all this stuff that he's standing in, and go right up to

Oh, and open his mouth really wide Revealing his inner mouth an attempt to demoralize Because he doesn't have that condition right now, right it does not know yeah an attempt to demoralize mo Like This You For bonuses or anything, I don't think There's a hero point wow again, well, maybe not laughs in the face being good yet, let's see Mm-hmm Is that better? And he shows you his inner mouth it's gross And then And raise shield Which is already raised I don't think I have to do that and then Attempt to strike with the sword. All right, let's see towards dial I'm gonna manually put in the flanking bonus. You are Hi That is a hit it did it that time in the thing I may have double-counted Let me get a miss I'm gonna hear a boy

Flexible. How was that? Flexible. How was that? What a hero point! What a hero point. Amazing. Okay, let's see some damage. You guys ever wish there were giants so that we could stick a poster around our little gates? Grabbing under your arm for dear life. Would you like to describe the manner? But regardless, would you like to describe the manner? Yes. I cleverly baited Moe into opening his maw, leaving it open for the sword. You saw this trick before with me. Right through the... Gullet? Is that the right word? Gullet? Gullet is the right word. Innards. Yeah. Right through its gullet to its innards. And then maybe, let's see, Ed is impaled with a sword, so can we yank off the neck? And then whip it around like it's a, I don't know, maybe Tenshi wouldn't do that, but at least take it off in a cathartic kind of satisfying, yeah, that's what I think of you, by the way. You can do those things. Moe is laughing the whole time this is happening, until he's physiologically able to pull back. But then he does stop though, right? Yeah, he stops. Is he an undead? Yeah. Is he an undead? Moe is not an undead, no. Damn. Bullshit. What level is he? Moe is level 3k. 

Oh, that's 1, 2, 3. Can't come over there to help. 1, 2, 3, and Mo laughs maniacally and dies with a kind of erectus grin, and his mouth would have been gaping open even if this hadn't happened, in like a huge smile. Damn. Uh, Lyra, you got a big fuck-off toad in your face. Yeah, that doesn't sound great. Don't worry, we'll kill him for you. Animal handling? No, it's just a fucking toad, right? Murder the Mo. Upgrade your animal companion. Right, murder Mo. Anything change? Okay, okay. For murdering Mo? I'm going to use, uh, faint. As my first action. What a sick animal companion this would be though, right? Do we know? Commanded animal, I am your Mo now. Do we know that it's going to attack us? On a saddle. Do we think it's just coming to check out what's going on? It already tried to attack me. Oh, it did? Yeah. Half of my life's damage was standing next to me. We did not get a prompt saying that it was not. I hear you guys, but I don't care. Well, I was like, maybe it will change with Mr. Ugly Dead, but it didn't. I'm using faint though, which is not like an attack per se. It's a deception check. I guess I'll move my hunted prey to the toad first. Okay. And then I will faint. And there's a shit deception roll.

Oh, but hero points, why not? Get him. Nice. Can't take him with you. Hero points are doing great. And then, uh, um. You used an S at the word hero point. Do you mean that you have more than one? Because I can't draw a weapon. Yeah, I think Lyra had two, right? Yeah, I know I could, I'm not going to use another one. Fate has decided that this is not worth re-rolling. So I've not. Okay. Um. Hero points are a fortunate fact. Wait, I forgot about something. I have, uh. The thing on my shield that we got. What is the item called? A mesmerizing opal. When you faint, but you haven't rolled yet. The outcome of your deception check, if it's a critical failure, is a failure instead. No, it doesn't help me. Great. What is a mesmerizing opal? It would have helped me in this faint check if I would have rolled a success or a critical failure. It would have moved each of them up. Because I rolled a failure. Where did the mesmerizing opal come from? I can't remember. I just can't remember. Um, from the bridge. Oh, yeah. And I have five. No, it was fine. I just couldn't remember where it came from. But I wouldn't activate it as a reaction because it doesn't actually. Oh, no. I would have had to say it before I rolled, which I didn't. So I didn't activate it anyways. So that's one, two. We got a.

hunted prey, we gotta feint, and we gotta, can't do, I don't... You can't draw a weapon to attack with it in a single action, right? There's a feat that lets you draw it. I mean, I could... You could draw the weapon. I mean, I can still shoot him. I can attack with a bow, that's fine. It's a shortbow. I don't have any bullshit, it's fine. Yeah, I'll just attack it with my... That's... Thing called. Don't worry. It is still sickened. Good. The hunted shot is my third action. Okay. So y'all want to know the crazy thing about... Oh! That seems okay. Get it. What a shit roll for two times 1d6 plus 1d10. That is, yeah, impressive. That's pretty good. So bad. And then, yeah, I got a second shot, so just with the MAP on it. Oh, don't tell me I don't have ammo. Even though we don't want to track ammo... Foundry still wants to track ammo. Yeah, but just put... I know, I know, I just have to go do that. Hero points are fortune effects, by the way. Yes. Thank you. Yeah, I can't remember if you can put...

I can't figure out how to get myself more arrows, because once I used the last one they disappeared from my inventory. If you go, oh yeah, okay, uh, yeah, still, it's plus 8. Your modifier is plus 8? Oh no, it's not, it is, but it's minus 5, so it's plus 3, it's 10. That's a miss. That is a miss. You should be able to drag arrows out of the endgame, and just give yourself like a thousand arrows. Yeah, yeah, I will. That was my bad. And change their ways, or whatever. Okay, 1, 2, 3. You know the crazy thing about Sickened, Sickened Condition, that Hamachi put on this toad? While Sickened, you cannot willingly ingest anything. That's right. Nice! All part of the plan. You can't ingest potions, medium creatures, so I think we can all spell that in a way. So how do you, you can try the puke though, right? It's a fortitude check against Hamachi's DC, right? If it wants to take an action, it can do a fortitude, say, let me pull up the thing. It's gonna try to do that. Yeah, you take a status from Nidalee, blah, blah, blah, I spend a single action retching to recover. A fortitude save against the DC of the effect that made you sick. The boost is so special, yeah? How's a 10? 10 is good against your... I don't know what my DC is, but I know it's more than 10. I think it's more than a 10. So it's gonna...

use a single action to fail to wretch, and then it is going to try to... Jerry. Oh wait, when does it take the damage? Jane. End. Okay. Jim. If it's persistent, yeah. Jane. Yeah, cool. Jim. Try to eat me. Or not. Jane. Yeah. It's gonna try to bite. It's gonna try to bite. Jim. Yeah. Jane. 21. Jim. That hits. I'm unconscious. Dealing 12. We've got it downed a person. It would so dearly like to eat you right now, but it can't. So it is going to try to smack... Turn to Hamachi and smack you with its... Yes. 22. Yes. I will take it. You are grabbed. Yeah, I'm definitely gonna have to take that battle medicine feat. I've been grabbed by a tongue. Do I take damage or am I just grabbed? You do not take any damage. But you are grabbed. Ah, I hate it. And then... That's 1, 2, 3, puke, bite, grab, and then jittering down the stairs, you'll see another jittering. It looks like a giant. I don't like things that skitter. I'm pretty sure that I measured this correctly. Unless it's ugly cute.

The next thing we get to is a triple strike, and that will be Stingy's turn. Stingy in the initiative tracker, and Hamachi, you're up, you're grabbed. That was like a performance check. What's the Pathfinder equivalent of animal handling? Is there something? Just command an animal as an action, right? But it's a simple, you can make a simple request of the animal, and it has to sort of be aligned with its interests. Yes. Okay. I think they both have a pretty thespian bent to them. Do you think so? Yeah, that's the vibe I'm getting. Yeah, if they're spending any time with these Jinkins, then probably. Yeah, and near the theater. Oh, I'm sorry. That's rubbed off on them. So I'm going to... I didn't realize the dog was behind me. ...try to kill this dude.

I thought you were actually going to try to convince it to just grab you and not eat you. I don't know how I could. I hope it's still grabbing you when its turn comes and it's able to vomit all over you while it's... Oh god. Alright, well another spectacular miss. Oh wait, that's also concentrate. I can't do that while keeping phantom pain. That is not the same restriction as in 5e. Concentrate is just like, it doesn't do anything unless something prevents you from being able to concentrate. Got it. As I was about to say, it seems like you wouldn't need it if sustain is already a thing. That makes sense then. I will use my remaining action to eye him. Which there's no reason to do at all except to sustain the second condition slightly longer. And doom was right there. But also I have like another 50 seconds so there's no... Alas. Ah, he's not once again sickened. Not super sickened. And Gumo will try to hide again, but better. Go for it. Your DC is lower this time. Oh yeah. Yeah.

Yeah, 25, let me just check. Yep, 25, the most hidden. Is he critically hidden? Is that a thing? I'm going to actually assign, yeah, now he's got that condition. Ooh. Yeah, thanks. You're welcome. 1, 2, 3, and 1, right? Yep, I'm done. Beautiful. You too. You're up. Wow. Oh, no, there you go. Oh, I said sorry I was muted. Oh, you're good. Which maybe I was still muted. I'm going to saunter on over. Over the table this time. Cool. That's one action. I think I will get Nagi, not a trend, going. Naginta, Naginta of my Naginta. Who are we attacking? Oh, the toad. You're my Naginta. It is a hit on the toad, a regular hit. Regular, shmegular, alright. Sorry, I did not target. Naginta, please. That's a pretty good max damage hit there. Not too shabby. Alright, I'm going to actually target this little dude. And the right, the big toad. Okay. Not myself. You are also technically

flanking so you may make there to target I may oh no I'm sorry you're not you're not yet because Lyra's down yeah I'm not right not funny like with me yeah no it's directly through the center of the token I guess and I'm not dead I'm dying yes okay so I mean that they're like three squares that will be like any of those three kind of opposite or is it more is it just one just at one single square through the very center of the token good to know so second one is a song it's not a good no well that's three things and then my thing in the bobber yes yes and something else check yes which I remember how to do if it comes off automatically I have a little song about it okay yes thank you mostly mental damage good reminder sorry I forgot so no problem so three bleed damage for Yuzu and some mental damage for Warty yeah 1d4 if you click it or do I need to roll it I mean you can roll it it's your damage if you want

If I just click damage is it I was afraid it would give me damage. Oh No, that would just give you damage, but the 1d6 was for musings. Oh I'll just okay There you go, okay three persistent mental for warty chipping away One to use you Yoda I think under a table. Oh Well, I mean I lose the hiding under a table as soon as my turn starts right I shoot at the frog oh Beatles you lose it when you attack, but you still get the benefit of He was taking he was taking cover the action Don't take cover expires at the end of your turn Not the beginning of your next turn. Sorry. Yeah, okay, Jesus Cannot rule And then I'll move over here Where do you want to move over here I I See you standing in the same squares. I'm Archie. I moved. I don't know what to tell you. I'm flanking with user Yeah, yeah the only square that flanks with the yuzu is the square in which Lyra is currently down and Really even directly across Yeah, it's through the center of the

of the token. Every square has one square that rocks flanking, whatever the size of the creature, basically. Oh wait, I'm sorry, hang on a second, I'm totally wrong. I was going to say, the lines between the center of your space and the center of your ally's space must pass through the opposite sides or opposite corners of each other's space. Hamachi and Yuzu are flanking already, although I don't think Yod and Hamachi can co-locate a single square. Probably not. Did Hamachi just move or was he already standing there? Weird, because I saw him standing somewhere else, otherwise I wouldn't have done that. He's in fact grabbed and can't move. Okay. I must... All right, I want to... Fuck, I would have to use an action to retrieve something from my pack. Yes. Shit. It might even actually be worse than that, but getting something out of your pack is like... Okay, can I scoop something up off of the ground or is that an action too? That's an interrupt action, yeah. So that's a whole action or it's not a free action? Correct, yeah. It's a whole action.

I'm going to scoop up a leg off of the ground then. It's a charnel house, right? I just want to have a fucking bit of thing, and then next turn I'm going to try and distract the toad. Jerry. Awesome. Okay, with a leg. Beautiful. Janus. I was going to retrieve a stake or whatever from the pack, but the action economy for doing random shit is not very favorable. Jerry. No, it's not. Okay. 1, 2, 3. Tenshi. I don't think Tenshi has any way to reach Lyra until this toad is dead. Isn't there another door over here? Well, there's a door over here that we'd have to use an action to open, and then even then, how would I get there, right? Because it's a narrow ledge here that's blocked by two creatures. Are these walls not made out of paper? This door is open too. That doesn't matter for you. Even if the doors are made out of paper, I'm sure it would still take an action to bust through, right? It doesn't. Yeah, it would be a simple interact action to open the door, but it's still an action, right? No, kill the toad. Makes sense. I saved a hero point. So hopefully I don't die here. Okay. So I guess we should kill this toad. Thinking about my actions here. I don't have... There's no, like, 5e that you can, like, make an action.

action to try and free somebody from grapple effects sometimes. There isn't really a way to do that here, is there? You'd basically have to aid, and it would kind of suck. Is that true? There is a way to get Tenshi out. A creature can sever the Toad's tongue with a successful strike. I'm sorry, you had me at sever. It deals a minimum amount of slashing damage, which Tenshi can do. So you can literally cut the Toad's tongue. Yeah. It doesn't matter if you're being next to him, next to Hamachi or anything. It's all not really right. I can be here, and I'm fine. Yeah, that's fine. Over Toad his tongue. I'm going to stride, and let me try to demoralize first. I haven't demoralized this thing, and it's not currently frightened, right? Correct. It is sickened, though, which is the same status penalty as partner. Oh, yeah, and those are both these status penalties, and they won't stack. Yes, correct. Okay, so there's not a reason to demoralize now, then. Correct. At least not on the Toad. I'm mostly concerned with the Toad. I need to... As long as I keep raising my shield, nothing will ever attack me, so... All right, let's strike and see what happens.

I don't have flanking from anybody. If I stood here, then if Lyra becomes conscious, would I have flanking? I don't know. My understanding of flanking has been shaken within the last 90 seconds. Yeah, sure, you'd be flanking. Huh. Look at that. Look at that. What a good hero point. Dead frog. Dead frog. Great. Great hero point. Still min damage. Not a hero point. 34 damage, yeah, on a crit. I can strike one on a crit for the damage. The frog is not dead. But is the tongue severed? Oh, was that, that was at the tongue? Oh, I'm sorry, I have to separately target the tongue? No, no, no, I just wasn't sure what you were trying to do. Yeah, if you try to kill the tongue, it doesn't do damage to the toad, but it will cut off the tongue. Oh, oh, okay, yes, yes, I would try to do that. Okay, cool, cool, cool, cool. It's HP back, but that is certainly more than enough damage.

to sever the tongue. Cuts it off. You don't think it can do its tongue attack anymore because it doesn't have a tongue. And Hamachi, your turn. Hamachi's good. Hell yeah. And then, um... I'm surprised I like Tenshi. And then I'll raise shield. I don't... I can't think of a better thing to do. One, two, stride, strike, raise shield. One, two, three. Lyra, recovery check. Yeah, time for a recovery check. That is not high enough. I mean, 11. It's the first one we've seen all hand hit. That's a failure. First recovery. It is a failure. I think you can use a hero point, right, to stabilize? I think. Or be dying two. Or be dying two. I'm gonna be dying two. All right, you can be dying two. Uh, the frog is upset that it doesn't have a tongue anymore. Uh, and it's going to turn and try to kill Tenshi, because, you know, you just got the tongue. There we go. It's like, the right thing to do. Uh, so it's going to try to bite you, um... Oh, first it's going to try to purge. So, that's first order of business is throw up on Hamachi, which it fails to do, because your DC is higher than 13. And the second thing it's going to try to bite Tenshi, like this. 22! Dealing 10 damage. Block with the shield. And then it can't, um, can't swallow you. So sad. Hamachi has not raised her shield. Lies! I mean, I didn't click the raise button this time, but it was still raised from... Yeah, neither. Okay, I see. I have to, I have to click the... That's so annoying. I have to click off the...

expired shield thing each round to make the button reappear. I'm glad it's not. I'm going to do that. And then I'm going to do... Do it. Wait, did that work? No. I have block violated, so why didn't it work? Also, I've taken the damage twice by accident. Let me fix my HP and see if I can figure this out. Hi, Myrtle. Hi, Myrtle. Hi, Myrtle. Wait. I see a second tail. Is that Otis? Yeah, this is Otis in my lap. Oh, Otis. Really? He's bigger already. That's fucking crazy. Yeah, he's way too big. It's only been like three weeks. Yeah. Gigantic. They're pretty close. He's going to be so... He's going to be so big. You've taken so much damage. Maybe I'm going to... I can't see. Hang on. I'm just going to manually set the HP correctly. Oh. Oh, you missed him. He's gone. He's gone. He's gone. He's gone. He's gone. He's gone. He's gone. He's gone. He's gone. He's gone. He's gone. He's gone. He's gone. Oh, you missed him. He's gone now. I mean, it shows to me that Colin has his camera off. I don't see you either, Abby. Have you had a camera on this whole time? No, my camera is off currently, but it specifically only shows that your camera is off, which sucks. What about now? Still no. I've been able to see Colin this whole time. I, too, have seen Colin this whole time. What in the world? Morty's going to try to bite you again, Tenshi. Seven. He's a seven. Whoa. Well, at least that time is taken to Raquel. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Sorry. Nope. Mine's not related at all.

But is it dog related? Yeah, it was dog related. So, the dog is bigger. Is that the update? Oh yeah, he's huge. He's like the size of Myrtle now. What? That's so wild. Well, since I can't see now, maybe I'll just need penance and I'll need to be able to see it in person soon. Yeah, but in like three days. Please, thanks. Thank you for my doggy intermission. Absolutely. Doggy intermissions are important. So, that was Failed Wretch Strike Strike. Tenshi, you good on HP and shield HP and all that good stuff? Yeah, I just did it manually. I took five damage and my shield took five damage, which I think should be right for having blocked a ten damage attack. Your shield shouldn't have taken any damage because of its hardness? Well, it takes the damage after its hardness. So, my shield has five hardness. So, I think it should reduce the damage from ten to five and then both I and the shield take the remainder damage. I think that's right? The total damage was ten, right? So, the damage from the attack was ten. The shield has hardness five. So, I believe the shield reduces the damage to five and then both I and the shield take that five damage. I think that's right. Ben, you used a shield in the last thing. Yeah, I think that's right. I thought your shield shouldn't take damage. I will read more later. When a shield takes damage, the damage is first reduced by the hardness.

damage is subtracted from hit points if it goes below the broken threshold the shield becomes broken okay you're i'm sure you're right now um the stingy the name of the scorpion is going to try to um murder the one that's right in front of it which is uh music it is going to try to uh with its pincher snap at you like this 19 yeah yeah with this three with minimum damage and it is going to try to uh have its pincher snap shut on your um body some part of your body toes probably toe is probably uh attempt to attempts to grapple like this against your um dc oh man it's not that good at this um did the scorpion open that wait that door is open that door is open but well i opened it before combat i tried to say that but i oh okay all right um stingy tries to grab you with a 21 athletics check athletics so it's just it's your is it your fortitude or your dc that door is open like if i had saved my reaction i would prefer if it was fortitude if that counts let me see uh let's see it let's just look at this against your targets fortitude dc

Fortitude, excellent. Let's go! What is your fortitude, DC? Oh, DC. I remember words and things and listening skills. Give me a sec. Oh my gosh. So fortitude is plus 8, so plus 10, which is 18? 18. 21 gets you. Yeah. It got me, boss. You are... It's kind of rude for a scorpion. I mean, you're grabbed by the scorpion. You are... I mean, you're grabbed by the scorpion. You are... I mean, you're grabbed by the scorpion. You are... You are... You are... You are... You are... You are... You are... You are... You are... You are... You are... You are... You are... You are... You are... You are... You are... You are... You are... You are... You are... You are... You are... You are... You are... You are... You are... You are... You are... You are... You are... You are... You are... You are... You are... You are... You are... You are... You are... You are... You are... You are... You are... You are... You are... You are... You are... You are... You are... You are... You are... You are... You are... You are... You are... You are... You are... You are... You are... You are... You are... You are... You are... You are... You are... You are... You are... You are... You are... You are... You are... You are... You are... You are... You are... You are... You are... You are... You are... You are... You are... You are... You are... You are... You are... You are... You are... You are... You are... You are... You are... You are... You are... You are... You are... You are...

What do I want to do? I guess Void Wharf again, isn't that at the Toad yet? Void Wharf on the Toad is a decent fortitude. A failure as a result of being sick, only because of being sick. Did I take Persistent Mental Damage on the Toadstern? I didn't. No, I forgot again. There you go, take a couple Mentals. And then I will use one to do Evil Eye again, even though, once again, it's kind of a silly use of... I guess I could Shield myself. Maybe I'll do that. Shield, very good. One, two, three, wait. And Gumo will... He can't really do a lot. He will... Hang out, I guess. If he can do Aid, not really. Or maybe. I'm not sure. I'll use you.

does foundry automatically put that conditions thing in the chat when you get to the person's turn or are you doing that manually question i'm not doing that yeah that is pretty awesome that's really cool that it's automated so if i'm grabbed i need to break free now is this a fortitude or what is what do we got to do if i could call correctly or grapple it back i think it's an escape action an escape action yes uh that was wrong attempt to check using your unarmed attack modifier against dc of the effect unarmed attacked unarmed attack modifier yes so plus seven to what against the dc of the check which is i believe 12 so do i roll something sorry i'm a little confused yeah you just roll it manually plus i just oh yeah just roll on attack yeah okay got it i'm gonna use a schmear point i'm gonna do that again

I'm going to use my last hero point and roll that again. I'm afraid not. A single fortune effect on that roll. Oh shit. Okay. Okay. Okay. Then I will cry and then just try it again with the lesser thingy. You could still get it because it used to be pretty low. I could. Okay. Oh! Hey! No! Even with Mac? Yep. Alright. Whatever. Whatever. You're not grappled anymore. Um, so then I'm not grappled, but I used, like, I, how I see it is I used all my strength, which like now means that I'd be taking like negative penalties for any other attack I do. Or does it re-do it? Yeah, if you tried to use another attack, you'd be taking the minus ten. That makes sense. Um, so... Escaping a grapple is an attack. It's not just the same modifier as an attack. Oh, good question. But when? Um... I have no idea. Nope. Oh, I'm sorry. Yeah, escape does have an attack. It does have an attack. It makes sense. Yeah. Um, then I'm going to... The logic checks out. Uh, demoralize this ugly son of a bitch by looking at it menacingly. Good choice. You don't suffer any penalties because you have that feat, I believe. Yeah, that's kind of like that demoralize I think is the, uh, or, oh no, demoralize is not the feat. But I have the mean-looking. Intimidating glare. Intimidating glare. Intimidating glare. Yep. Here I go. 

15 is good against the toad. Is that what you were trying to stick in? I'm so sorry, I did not do it again. Yes, I would love to do the toad. Or was it the toad or the scorpion that you were intending to roll against? Because the toad is already- Oh, shit. The yeah, definitely the thing that is grabbing me first and I just escaped from. Yeah, I'm so sorry. A 15 is enough. 15 is in fact the DC that you need to hit, so you successfully demoralized the scorpion. Oh, but I'm still- I'll figure out targeting one day, Promode. I promise you that. Will you? No, but I'll say it out loud and we'll pretend. That works for me. Okay. Escape escape demoralize, right? 1, 2, 3. Yeah, that's it. Thing of beauty. Yod? I'll shoot my dart at it, the same thing that I always kind of fucking do. Let's see. Let's see it. Come on, Yod. I believe in you. I mean, I don't. I fucking rolled like crap. I got one crit and then it's been shit after that. Hey! That is a hit against the toad, only because it's sick and I'm so sorry. Usually I was meant to do some persistent bleed damage unless you do a DC 15 flat check. Yes, I will do the bleed damage, but also yeah, fuck that. Fuck that little. Oh, wait a minute. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. What am I doing? How do I do the DC? What's it? Unmodified 1d20. Yep. Roll d20. Got it. Thank you.

Adamant. Does 9 damage? Jerry. Yes, thank you. Adamant. And then I want to use my last turn trying to help Tenchi in his next attack by distracting the Toad like a dog with a fucking bone. I got this leg, and I want to... Would you like to describe the manner in which you kill the Toad? Oh. He distracts him with a leg. I really want to distract him with a leg. Maybe the Scorpion likes legs. I mean, I got this needle. I guess I would aim for his... You know, they got the whatever croaking sack and have it pop under pressure and blow his head off. Beautiful. Yep, exactly how that happens. It's a croaking sack. What do you want to do with that, AI? Mr. Crick? Yeah, I was going to say, Ben, I hope that gets into the art. Yeah, please. It'll make it in. Croaking sack. I don't know what it's called. I don't know the anatomy of a frog. How it's that? You still have one action and this held decapitated leg. It's called a vocal sack. What's the... Just whack the Scorpion with it. Come on. Beautiful. I can't move. You can throw the leg. Ooh, yeah. I like that. Yeah. I will attempt to aid Tenchi in his attack of the thing by distracting...

the scorpion with a leg to be food. All right, I love it. 1, 2, 3, Tenshi. Tenshi is going to stride to Lyra now that the toad isn't out of the way. And I have to stop trying to do calculations in my head to figure out if I could push it off the ledge. And we'll use Lay on Hands on Lyra. Oh, so should have helped somebody else then. Oops. You're OK. Or were you aiding? Being a hero point when you're dying is really fucking good. Because basically, when any time in my dying increases, I can just say, no, I think instead I'll be stabilized and have no dying condition. I chose to roll because I'm like, I can roll a critical success and save my hero point or wait until someone heals me or use it if I'm going to die. So it's not actually bad. The fact that I have it is actually really, really good. I assume we're going to wait another round for Lyra. So that's 1, 2. And then I will let them stride or even step because I can. Like any time you can step, you should step. You could raise a shield. Step over here and set up possible flanking for Yuzu. OK, who was.

Escaped from the grapple, right? Right. Right. Excellent. 1, 2, 3. Lyra, you are in the correct initiative position, so whenever anything reduces you to 0 HP, you move in your initiative to right before that creature. Lyra was already there, so I didn't move you. I am prone. What are the rules about shooting arrows prone? I actually don't even remember. You also dropped your bow. That was hard. That's the bigger thing. No, I actually think you get an advantage when you shoot prone, weirdly, but not on your attack on something attacking you. No, I have to pick up my bow, for sure. I will pick up my bow. Let me just see, actually, can I just shoot at it prone? You can, you'll take the minus 2 circumstance penalty, but you can't if you're not shooting. You are off-guard. It probably calculates that for you, right? If you have prone turned on. I think you're also only wounded 2, or I'm sorry, only wounded 1. No, I rolled a failed save, so I went to dying 2. Once you, when you lose the dying condition, you get wounded 1, no matter what your dying value was.

When you lose dying you get Wounded 1 or Increment Wounded by 1. Increment Wounded. Yeah, I was 0, you're right. Oh, from 0, of course. You think about a healthy person as being Wounded 0. Makes it a little easier. There's just too many things to do. I guess I'll grab my bow and then I will command TBD to fly. Let's just have TBD take a bite out of this thing instead. Oh, TBD can go to here, get flanking. I think you would've been flanking in either square if it doesn't die. Oh yeah? I like bugs. Yeah? I will... Yeah, just attack. TBD's just gonna use their Jowls. Talons. Talons. Why not? 25 is an Infected Redstone. I did target, but I guess with my thing it doesn't... Maybe I didn't target. Wah! Good damage. Wow. TBD is crushing it. Stinger. Stingy is hurt. Fly and strike, right? I guess, yeah. That was one action to do that and I picked up my bow. I'll stand up too. Okay. 1, 2, 3, and 1, 2, 4. TBD, Stingy is going to try to... Stingy. Stingy. Stingy. Stingy. Stingy. Stingy. Stingy. Stingy. Stingy. Stingy. Stingy. Stingy. Stingy. Stingy. Stingy. Stingy. Stingy. Stingy. Stingy.

Kill, let's see, roll a d3, attention to your one, use when you turn your team to your two. Yuzu, trying to get you again. Sorry, what was, I missed the, just, oh, d3. You're just getting it. No, no, I'm just, I was thinking that. I'm an idiot. Don't mind me. Stingy's gonna try to make you a formal election with its stinger. Good luck. 16 is a miss by one, right? Yeah, yeah. Because it's frightened, it missed you because it's demoralized. Bitch, bitch. And then it's gonna try to map, nope, nope, and nope. You can be mad all you want, ugly. Kill this thing. I think we're gonna kill this. I think we're gonna do it. Yeah. Kill this scorpion, because I need to pee. All right, I will attempt to probably void warp it. While targeting it. Okay. A failure. Okay. Getting lucky with dice tonight. I will string. Not quite dead. Okay, and then I will evil eye it. Or attempt to. It's still targeting. Yeah. It's okay, you're saving it for me. It is sickened one. Got it. I don't know what. And.

And I guess that gets prolonged, even though I'll end up sustaining it anyway next turn. And Gumo will... Oh wait, can Gumo try to demoralize? Yeah, Gumo can try, but it's already sickened, which is redundant. It's not the same. And Gumo tried to demoralize Tenchi. TBD, yes. Okay. Gumo can try to demoralize Tenchi. Or TBD. I tell her not to. Don't. Don't. She hisses at you, but it would be so fun. She can't talk, but she understands it. I get the vibe. Oh, Gumo. Yuzu, put the scorpion out of its misery. With pleasure. Like, a lot. A lot of pleasure. This thing is ugly and stinky. And all at the same time. In my direction. Do you want to take a step over to the side for flanking? I would love to do that, Tenchi. You ask me so eloquently mid-battle. Yes, I really, I really would. Okay, where is this little... We do live in a society. Tenchi understands that sometimes when you get angry, it can be hard to remember such things. That'd be super in character for me. So thanks for keeping me semi-level-headed, buddy. Let's... Unarmed. Because I want to, you know, stop it. Canonically.

Oh, I didn't target it, I'm so sorry. It's okay. And you kill it. I'm going to go pee really quick and get a drink and then we're going to wrap it up. You stomped it to death. Yeah, weasels and bugs are no match for my stompers. We're missing like two toes or three toes at this point though. Yeah, they grow back. Yeah. Well, yeah. Yeah, is there a way like, so I don't know how that works with like, if somebody, if we put them on ice, you know what I mean? And we ace bandage them? Your toes? My toes? Yeah. Could we, could somebody like sew them back on? It's plant. Wait, I'm a plant. Isn't it like a cactus? You just kind of, I could re, I'm going to regrow my toes. It'll be fine. I mean, I have medicine, but I feel like that's a pretty hard check. I know in other editions, let me see if there's, let's see, well, I don't know if there's a, what level of fucking spell is this? Why doesn't it say what level of spell it is?

Oh here it is, there's a 7th level spell that would let you regrow your toes? What specifically about being a plant person? I don't know, that's a promote question. Yeah, bleeding a plant is like more complex than I thought it was going to be regarding like all these things like bleed and can I regrow toes? Like you know, they're important questions that Pathfinder was definitely thinking about. I was surprised when you voluntarily directed the attack at your precious toes. It adds character. It does add character, you're right. And now it begs the question that we've, you know, all been having burn in the back of our brains. Can a plant woman regrow her toes? Oh my god, imagine if I had pizza rolls right now, oh god. Did I miss an awesome user description of the manner in which we describe this program? I mean, I think just based on Peru, also.

can hear my echo some way somehow but um we were discussing about is there a way like you know how usually like if a human would have their like fingers or toes cut off their phalanges like they'd put it on ice and like try and reattach it right away um but i'm a plant so would i just regrow them over time would they just be like little nubs for a while you know what i mean i think that's entirely up to you okay because like i'm cool with slowly letting them look freaky for a while but then regrowing like my pride is a little tarnished in the meantime but like i mean i'll tell you that the number of times i last week when i typed in describing yuzu and then said to make the feed big i did get banned from open ai chat gpt for an inappropriate content i think and i can understand that i can understand that um for a little bit so i had this sideways days before i got my access back so i have to be careful oh my god i'm so sorry for causing you so much strife with my silly foot-based leshy barbarian it was a reasonable thing at least at least it didn't draw like you know all of the presidents from the united states as black and native american people what i remember hearing about that i did not so google's gemini model which is like is it's just funny because it's it's the opposite version of racist that you might expect which is that they

have like a, they try to overrepresent minorities and like, different demographics that aren't present in when you describe something. So if you if you ask it for a while, like, draw me a picture of a European king, it would give you back like, an Asian woman and a black man. Because like, they were intentionally trying to introduce. And this is actually one of the one of the beginning problems with a lot of this AI generated art was that it very often replicated what art was existing in the world, which is like, overemphasize what the existence of like actual historical context is like, so it would draw like, oh, really, obviously, white, like king in Europe. But it's one the completely other way. And so these ended up being racist for the exact opposite reason, which is that they never actually did anything historically reasonable at all did things that were just black women, like it was, it was like, it was like a DEI event for just for art. And they were so worried about having their AI be called racist, that they designed it so that if you didn't specifically include the word, like a white person, just wouldn't give you one, even if you did say, draw me a white European leader, it would not like, it was so far past the line that like, it was like, quite genuinely, one of the worst product launches in history. It's like really anything called Gemini, it's Google's AI bot. They were having a problem where it was like, not representing what

was I didn't know that if you specifically asked for a Caucasian that it wouldn't give you. I mean, you guys already know, I asked for like five, I asked for five turtles and I'm eating cucumbers. The result was, you know, four turtles and no cucumbers, wasn't at all. So. Style was cool. Did you tell it to me like woodcut style or like? I did, I did give it a style and direction. Nice. The, I particularly liked the one I'm already sitting in the Cerulean Teahouse. I really liked that one too. The stairs were like too tall from what you described, but I was like, this is just such a good representation. It was, it was spot on. It was really cool. Congratulations, y'all. You've defeated Moe Dow. How did we decide to pronounce it? Dow Chi? We'll never remember. We have defeated the Rookie of the Rookie. And with Moe's death, I'm just going to tell you that the Jinkins are going to scatter out of town and will shortly secure the mount. Fuck yeah. Nice. Fuck those uglies. Hell yeah. Didn't know the first goddamn thing about theatrics. The fog seems to have been dispelled by the lighting of the Dawnstep. Ooh. That's right. Do you search the room? Yeah. Early. Yeah. I mean, I even, I even loot that body. When you loot that body, you find Moe had a key in his pocket. And I'm not going to make you go.

perception on this, because that would be stupid. You also find an item which seems to have smashed everything in this room, everything of value. This room is fully despoiled. But one item which did appear to evade his notice is this item that I've just revealed along the right-hand side of the room. There are two loot boxes here. How many holy avengers did Moe have? He inserted a holy avenger flask of fellowship. Can y'all see the flask of fellowship? This flask of fellowship, what the heck? Where is it? Oh, they're on the right-hand side of the room. We have keys, and a dope flask. Make an impression. Can help you with a diplomacy check. What does that mean? You activate, you make an impression? Make an impression is an exploration activity, I believe, where you basically chat people up and try to improve your relationship. Oh, so with the flask of fellowship you can become drinking buddies with people. Or drinks, exactly. So if you share a drink, you're almost there. So in Pathfinder, rather than making a single persuasion check to influence someone, if it's an important NPC, you'll typically engage in this sort of repeated make an impression activity. Awesome. A little foreshadowing for what's around the corner. Yeah. Well, yeah.

the whole fucking political... You gotta negotiate something. You between Granny Who and... It's gonna be a shit show now. I prefer Fighting the Ghosts and some things. Yeah, then a top political thriller. Yeah. Yeah, I mean, it'd be like, neat, of course. Probably be silly. Diplomacy, kind of, ten cheese bag. Yes. Probably most likely to attempt to make an impression, I think. Yeah, you're the charisma. The only charisma character, right? Yeah, like a no-brainer. With some of the NPCs at Matsuki's. Yeah. Oh, that's right, that's where that was. The only... I was like, Yuzu could use it for the tea part, but that's not that. Hey, hey, hey. I also like tea. And... And I'm sure you're not gonna tell him to take it. And have tea lore. Yeah. Maybe you'll make better ginger tea than Yuzu. I would love some, by the way. If you hear, in the silence after the combat, you hear kind of like a terrified whimper coming from down this hallway. I'll go on this. What's going on over here? I guess we knew there was intruders here, right? Oh, interesting. Does it look like a standard lock? Does it look like the one I failed at picking? Does it look like a standard lock? Does it look like the one I failed at picking earlier? Or does it look easier? Then I'm gonna just... Yuzu! Yuzu! This is not even worth me trying. You just found a key. You just found a key. Oh, wait, did I just find a key?

I'll try to use the stupid fuck next face key yeah I have it in my I accidentally just took it I say accidentally I just took it uh I don't know how to untick it he will fly over to you and land on your shoulder and look I mean you could walk over here and use it I'd do that you just come over all right you come over here and use the key it fits perfectly in the lock and opens this or unlocks the store which you then open and you see a whole bunch of bound and tied uh villagers um most of them are red shirts but you do see yod you see your friend bombing way I think that's how he decided to holy shit trickster friend who uh was just about to be eaten by uh mo who's next on the line holy shit oh my god Ming I'm so happy to see you we we went to see you at the temple and you weren't there she's she's bound and gagged would still probably talk for a while before three I'm like slowly removing the bombing responds with hey yod why the long face wow thank you so much thank you for the zero point for me so fun

Toad, you got your tongue? I have more. I have more, y'all. Yeah, why didn't you use them? I'm so sorry. I apologize. I apologize on behalf of all of you. Oh, yeah, totally. Just to save time. You can search upstairs, but there's nothing of interest in the upstairs area. It's just similarly, like, been looted and ransacked and broken up and you can save all those people and you can do your treatment stuff. Um, I would refocus while you should be libraries of wounds. And then once you're done with that, would you mind giving the brother some aid with a quick repair of his shield? Yeah, I can try to. Nevermind. 4d8? Is that right? That's right. I'll take whatever you're doing over there. Yeah, no kidding. How do we treat wounds again? Exploration. Oh, yeah. There you go, Lyra. I have 22. And Max. That's pretty fucking good. That's crazy. My wounding condition. Anyone else need any of that? We have, like, an amount of time. Like, this is ten minutes it takes me to do. I don't. You mean for half of my health? That one, I said that one was for Lyra. I can help with. Oh, no, no, no. Like, next after that. If we're, like, taking the time. That's why I'm asking, like, do we feel like a stretch?

is gone, like, Moe is gone, the Jenkin are gone, like, what's... Yes, you will very soon discover in character that, like, you have to carry things on, right? This was the thing to close the chapter. Damn. Did we go everywhere? That we knew about? We never found Uglycute. Not even a little... Yeah. We went, like, almost nowhere on the north side. Yeah. I was thinking, the north side, there's all that other stuff. Well, I mean, we don't need... I think... Where else was there? And is the house back? Is the big manor back? No. The manor is still gone. Uglycute is still missing. So y'all will decide where you want to go next and what you want to do in the immediate aftermath of, like, treating wounds and fixing shields and all of this stuff. Cool comments. So we're closing a chapter here. We're going to be opening this chapter three. If it feels like you don't... If you feel... If it feels like you don't have a lot of information, it's because you don't. Okay. Like, this AP is... This Adventure Pack is like a mystery. It's about figuring out what the fuck is going on. And that is a protracted process over, like, all four seasons. So don't be looking for, like, a quick resolution of, like, this is everything that was going on and now we understand. This strange phenomena, both of them have been ended by killing some strong spirits, but we don't know why they were here, why they were opposed to each other.

what happened with ugly cute, why stuff is disappearing, how we ended up like a whole manor house, like how time was passing, why there was a blood moon. There's all sorts of weird stuff happening. But we know that there are some season of ghosts things afoot. And that's exactly in the town's protection. I mean, something to do with old town or. Yeah, I think one thing that was interesting is just the fact that like both sides of town had like an equal amount of the spirit of their animosity or something. Yeah, it's like a representation of the town on each side own way, which was really weird. That's totally. And they didn't engage with each other. Like they may have even been enemies. Like it wasn't obvious. Yeah, they were like, yeah, separate factions that didn't seem to interact with each other, except for the common factor of the Jenkins. Yeah, Jacob around both sides. That's true. They seem like they were they were like easily manipulated and maybe used as like peasants on behalf of these spirits, though, like they're easily summoned and then just misused. Like, I feel like up here with the chicken, we're fighting to the death, like to an extreme level. Clearly, like Moe was commanding them or like frightened them so much that they just followed his orders. They're like, I didn't care about the cutlery. So Moe was infecting them on the north side. And then on the south side, it wasn't really. Maybe the buso was affecting them, right? Like some strong creature was just like. Commanding them to do what they wanted as as like. Could I frighten our own little army of these guys? Is that allowed?

You can certainly try. They're in no state to fight. They're like peasants. But you can try. I thought you meant to take them. We can heal them up. How do we heal them up? I don't know. But that would be funny. We'd have just some little dudes. You know what I mean? Join our party. Little guys. I mean. Um. Um. Do. I'm sorry. I should rephrase this. How many levels do we gain? We gain zero levels. Zero of them? Zero of them. Also, I love how that combat, since we rolled so extremely well, felt a bit easy compared to like cockroaches. Do you know what I mean? Some of us. Some of us. Yeah. At least as a party overall. Yeah, sorry. He's a barbarian. Okay. We did. We felt like we were coming into our own even though it was just the dice. We got a lot. I did roll a crit, but then I didn't. You rolled a lot of crits. Yeah, I take it back. I was feast or famine. I actually rolled okay. Very average. I had a three hero points load that I dumped there in that combat. Two of them became crits. Yeah, those were. It was a good use of them. Um, yes, very much so. So, again, not to distract from like, y'all will decide where you want to go next and what we want to do. So, we're stepping out of, like, chapters one and two are very much like.

Dungeon Call, Dungeon Crawl through Occupied Willowshore probably felt like fairly on rails or at least, you know, very discreet objectives. We're stepping into a very sandbox part of Adventure Path, which I'm personally excited about. There are specific objectives to follow through. A couple things I'll say about them. You don't have to do other stuff. You can follow those objectives. When it comes to things to investigate these outstanding mysteries, there are dead ends, which, without knowing that, might feel like bullshit. Like, well, why did we waste our time doing this sort of thing? It's like, figuring out the mystery is not simple, and it's not linear. So I just wanted to make that clear. All we have to do is figure out what we as a party want to do. I'm sure there will be no difficulties. I'm sure we will have many sessions where we do lots and lots of things. I think I'd really like to head back to the south part of town to see how Matsui is holding up. Yeah, I'm holding up great. There's more people in the southern part than the northern part. Although, maybe more people are just trapped inside buildings and stuff. Yeah, should we do a sweep through some of the northern areas of town, just the places we haven't been, just to see if everyone's okay? Obviously, there's people just hiding in basements and stuff that have been doing that, so probably good. We should do that. Yeah. Are we close to northwest, or is there like a

they're a way to efficiently cover a lot of ground. Let me take you to the map. For any who's trying to muster any of the guardsmen who might still be able to walk to like secure a perimeter and make sure that everything is clear and everyone is safe and no one still needs help. No one's trapped in like dumb wood. Yes. That's how exactly I was picturing is like a collapsed house or something. Yeah. We all we throw a big festival, a big party to celebrate the victory over the spirits. And there's like some people still like hanging from their ankles somewhere. And we can't hear them because of the sounds of the party. Right. We're partying, dude. Nice. Awesome. How would we ever hear them? Yeah, totally. You can sweep town. You'll find exactly lots of people who are kind of sheltering in place in their homes in root cellars and things of that nature. At the end of a census, which will take a couple of days, you won't have this information right away. But of the original 220 some people in Willow Shore, there are one hundred and ninety nine. How many did we lose? What was it before? About 10 percent of Willow Shore. It's like two hundred and twenty five people. You might say that Willow Shore was decimated. Decimated. Exactly. Very good. A rare opportunity. A rare opportunity. A rare accuracy. Yeah. So where to next? What time of day is it by the time we wrap all this up? Let's. Well, what I'll do, I kind of fast forward.

for a little bit. But what do you want to do while you're at this room to us? Sleep out in the woods away from people as soon as possible. After, like, just, you know, bandaging ourselves of. I don't think it's anything at the teahouse that I already searched everywhere, right, and freed the people. I probably go go to like a popular place and if. I work on, like, raising people's spirits, so to speak. I mean, I do suddenly have a. Cancer of endless thing that you want to drink, so. So maybe work on work on morale. I'm sorry, I don't know how specific you're asking here in terms of what we want to do, like. I think we have to talk to the two leaders so they can play. Yeah, maybe we should we should call it. There's there's no like there's no specific hook that I'm waiting for someone to be like, oh, we try this and then a thing. OK, all right. Literally just asking. Yeah, we could we could call like call a summit, a summit with the leaders because we're like in charge. We're the we are we like recognize as like basically the heroes of the saviors of the town here, like we kind of did all the work. The work, or we still just like at least strong around the world is like all this happens. You did you you did a lot of noteworthy things. You didn't do all the things. So you're certainly.

held in good regard by Matsuki and Granny Poo. You're not like, this stinger is the coolest voice. Yoda's definitely prepared to squander all of that goodwill as quickly as possible. Nice. By being a freak? I mean, what was it? Did I already use my ability actually to increase that goodwill? You did, and I took note of it. Okay, alright. So I was actually going to ask as well, hang on, let me pull mine up so that I remember exactly what it is. Do we at any point during that whole, everything that happens, this is kind of a weird meta way to ask, but it's a meta trigger so I don't know how else to do it. Did we improve either Matsuki or Granny Poo, their attitude to friendly? Good question. So in order to raise the attitudes of those specific NPCs, it would be that make an impression activity that's exploration. What you're getting for doing active service for the town of Willowshort is raising your reputation with their inspections, which I'm tracking behind the scenes. That's different. Those are separate mechanics. That's different. Separate things, yeah. Okay. Then maybe I should go and make an impression with somebody in Willowshort. That's a good idea. Do you want to go to Matsuki or Granny Poo?

Uh, I don't know. Aren't we all Team Yatsuki? No, all of us except Yod are Team Unification, right? Oh, yeah, that is true. We do all prefer Unification. Except for Yod. Some of you may be atheists. I think I'm agnostic in this situation. You may be Team Unification. You gotta go talk to one of them first. I think the main thing here is that they're obviously going to use this as an advantage to give themselves some benefit in their station. Um, I think maybe we should think through how they may want to take advantage of this before we approach any of them. But Tenshi, this is probably more your expertise than the rest of ours. What do you think? Tenshi, were you suggesting we summon both of them to like a meeting place to discuss? So taking that feat that lets me make an impression of two people at once. What a good usage that would be. Oh, man. Should we send like runners? There's no way you're getting them in the same room. Unless they have a child together. Well, the talk of the town is at stake here. They just lost 10% of the whole place. Yeah, I mean these are extreme circumstances. Yeah, I think that we can like call them both to meet at the bridge. Like right in the middle. True, right, right. The bridge. To organize, like clean up and investigate and figure out. Well, clearly there's a symbolic place to meet.

they're gonna they're gonna blame each other aren't they 100% we'll be there to defuse that that's why we're there yeah true and you are there influencing both of them simultaneously yeah and she's an influencer well thing I do is make a little as described and influence you yeah an influencer by trade but I'm hearing lots of objectives what's the line where are we going you have to go somewhere first so they don't want to send a person on this particular mission we can go back and she paid us well last time for doing something what if we did first before we cause a ruckus yeah get paid yeah it's five more push-ins than we had although this is the first thing that we would do but it's like going around town and trying to collect information about what people saw what people experienced maybe try and get some kind of clues about what might have happened we still we still don't know why that shop wasn't ransacked right did we did we find that out no yeah what the fuck we could we could come back with our witch and she could do a a better occultism check yeah that's something we should definitely look into

Didn't we do that already? The occultism check, after the fact? Yeah, they were saying we were going to do a better one. Is Hamachi not our witch? Yeah, but I think I did do an occultism check, like at the beginning of the next. Oh, right, we talked like you were going with your dad to the whatever, so you walked past it. Yeah. I forgot about that. Yeah. Hamachi did end the world quite poorly. Terribly, yeah. I mean, let's I we have to go see one of these leaders, listen to their spiel about how the other ones to blame for all of us. So that's it. Yeah, I guess. How do we want to do? Because I feel like this is maybe key to the objective of unification. To what extent do we want to potentially make use of this romance that we've got? Oh, yeah, the juicy little drama. So that's true, but something more urgent, I think, is that the mayor's mansion is gone. And presumably the mayor with it, right? Yeah. Which means there isn't a mayor right now. Yod for mayor. And Yod wants to run for mayor. Wow. Come with declarations of your love it left, like how many of them were favorable, unfavorable to you to know how like the polls have changed. I would say Yod's people is important.

My impression of Yod was probably so unfavorable before that even people whose lives he directly saved like just a minute ago are probably like slightly indifferent still. Fuck you, Yod. I think they're annoyed that like, I'm a big fan of the mayor Yod, but yeah, I think we can make that work. I feel like we need a week of looking back through the player's guides. Remember all the shit and the people are in town and then we're gonna suggest 50 different ideas in chat and then arrive at session next time and be like, okay, we have no idea which of these we're going to do. That's right. We'll go to the bar and try and make a stew or something. I'm always like, I'm excited about the sandbox, but there's not anything obvious to do it. I'm like, we're just going to debate it for the entire session. It's going to be so great. Some things will happen, but yeah, ultimately it will be fairly sandboxed. So I'm personally, I'm looking forward to it. I'm a big fan of sandboxes. Yes, deciding where you go and what you do now will, will impact various things. Yeah. I mean, we can even, we can split up also, right? Of course you can. It's no longer an active siege. Of course you would. Very truthfully, talk to old Batsuki and convince him to come to the bridge. I'll be very honest with him with my way I could do that. Yeah. As long as Tenchu doesn't come.

You, you can, you can split up. Yeah, that's good. Honestly, is good. The best policy. You are directly inferring the like, faction versus faction dynamic here, which is, which is good, which is perfect. Mayor Yod is a great, great option. I'm fucking here for it. The AIR of a mayor campaign ad on Woodside. I mean, Mayor Yod is not unification because Mayor Yod is massive. It's the independent party. He's just pretending to be a populist. He's just pulling some people apart from voting for the other two. Should I be the Green Party? I'm fucking here for it. It's all I'm saying. I'm really, really concerned about the direction that this is taking. Chaos option, let's go. There'll be another one of those enough people vote for him because I thought it was funny that we accidentally Robin Williams into president. I definitely want to like, understand what the food shortage situation is, and like work with the hunters a bit to help with any gaps that might exist there. We got an impression earlier that like, there might be one. So yeah, yeah, definitely. Definitely. There's been damage to like you saw a lot of it's like there's been damage to a lot of the fields, a lot of livestock stock, livestock stock that there is.

is in town. So it's it's a pressing concern. Also, the town has suffered severe like physical damage. Yeah, like roots, structures are in bad shape, really. And we'll take a lot of work and fix that stuff up there. There are pressing concerns. It's the first day of summer. So you have time to deal with these things. But obviously, resources are limited. Like, there are 10% fewer people in town than there were last time. And fewer people to help fix these problems. So there are fewer houses that we care to fix, though. Immediately your mouth to feed. Right? Should always a silver lining. Who is missing? Because everyone had or some of the people responsible for this, you know? Oh, yeah. Always there. We won't know for a few days. Right? If there's anyone on the content. Yeah, you won't know for a few days. So in character, you might not have all the information that you saw a number of bodies in the lab. Yep. Earlier, and then you saw a lot of bodies in the Cerulean City house, private banquet hall. And those two more or less combined to be the 25 or so folks. Okay. I'd like to definitely try to figure out and triangulate people's sightings of Ugly Q. And try to figure out, piece together, what route. We sent a hunter. Yeah, like maybe follow up there and see if she's... We have to go back to the south side and probably catch up.

Yeah, you can tell I'm getting some information behind, like, where do we go first? Maybe I'll go with you, Lyra, to Metsuki, and anyone else who wants to come, and then others are delegate. Maybe Yod should come with us and not go north. Tenshi and Yuzu are pretty diplomatic. Yod should start building his abode in the middle of the bridge. So that's where you can build, like, a podium. The central viewpoint that he has as mayor, and, like, by living literally in between the northern and southern parts of the city. So Yod starts building a statue of him. But slightly farther south than Yod, because he's not going to be able to go that far north on the bridge. I think what I probably would do is I'd want to walk around town and check on all the people, and look very specifically for townspeople that have yellow exclamation points over their heads. And specifically try and talk to them. Also question marks. If we could have unexpectedly picked up that jewelry, somebody's got a question mark over their head for that. That's right. Good point. Good point. Yeah. Do you guys want to, I think we have to kind of basically pick, like, north, south, or split the party. What do you guys, are you guys living in a particular way? Split. I like splitting. Yeah. Splitting. Tenshi, I think, would be pretty comfortable with Granny, who, if some of the, uh, um, others are... Yeah, Tenshi is actually able to, like, deal with. Some of the liars. Yeah. Yeah. Well, that's what I'm saying. I think, I think I might. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. 

As if I'm lying, I have a better chance of convincing Matsuki to do something than if I'm telling the truth, but I'm also like Been around a long time and he's a traditionalist and so am I I don't know and so like that's You know, it's similar in that viewpoint a little bit. Um, I think I care a little bit less about like the current politics, but Historically I can relate to him honestly or not You you know that Matsuki is as you say a traditionalist he's 99 Been in bullet for his entire life. He's seen this town go from nothing to what it is today And he's quite proud of that You know, granny who is a retired lunguag guard captain Who came here much later? Had a career had a life before she came to bullet floor And uh and sees this is like a great retirement spot But she's still fairly active in the community much more much more connected to the world outside of the wheelchair than Matsuki ever wanted to be Spice Spice indeed exactly Um, do you want any muscle to join you on your quest for information? Would that Be helpful. Sure I think we probably have to decide where we're questing for information. I'm sorry. I Meant I think tenshi. Oh, yes Yeah, who's doing the diplomatic definitely all doing the diplomatic way of solving these problems

True, true, then yeah, I'm sorry, I meant Tenshi. That's a good idea. Tenshi has muscle, but also, welcome to the company of any good folk. I think, Yoad, you should just go off on your own and start your mayoral campaign. Just start helping people on the door. As I was saying, we found pamphlets. Meeting the people, like learning about them, you know. Yeah. Keeping up posters on any polls that are available. I mean, to be perfectly honest, like Yoad is a death cleric. He's probably gonna be super busy for the next day or two with the massive amount of, whoops, we need graves right now. We also, yeah, nice. Tell him everything's fine. A good pretense for sidling up with your crush. Yeah. That's right. Are we splitting, or are we picking? Splitting. We're good. Oh, I assume, yeah, I think splitting. Yeah, so Tenshi Yuzu to the north, and Lyra and Hamachi to the south, and Yoad, are you picking? Yoad, we just keep away from both leaders, maybe. And never meet them? He'd be all distracted with his own shenanigans. We don't know that guy. We don't know that guy. Kamau looks super enthused to have six fucking unrelated paths to prep for. I know, we grab our boats. I actually am. This is my shit, man. I live for this shit. We grab that boat, and we just go down river.

I mean, I think one of the reasons we leave Willowshore, you have access to boats, you can do that. Let's just go to the monastery, because obviously that's where the evil came from. Let's just go straight to the monastery and deal with that. This is a sandbox. You can do whatever you want. Yeah. Okay, if I if I find a spell jammer, can I take it to Eberron? You can take it to Eberron. Do we switch to 5e rules? We switch from Pathfinder to 5e? Like mid, mid to high school? No, we're not doing that. But we can go into Eberron. No problem. In Pathfinder. It's simple. Yeah, I gotta go to Eberron and find my da. I like when you're down and get bluebeardsed out. Stupid. That was the campaign that I ran. That was brutal. One of the players wanted to carry over a character like across the plains. It was something. You were so much more patient than I would have been. You were right, yeah. Whatever. I think that... It was a weird premise, but it's fine. I think that Yod's campaign... This is his narrow gesture. It's not Trump's. Yeah, his soundbite is gonna be grave dirt. What the fuck is this town again? Willowshore. Keep Willowshore boring. I feel like you should know. Keep Willowshore boring is good. It's like the opposite of keep Portland weird. Portland, right? Yeah, nice. I like splitting up, though, because we won't get assumed to be part as a whole of one side or the other based on where we go after this ends. So it's kind of nice to have some tension there.

Y'all just want to distance yourselves from the gravedirt line. It's a huge mistake. We're the homes of this town. I just worry they use it as leverage against us, like, we go back to San Diego, we're the heroes from the north side, or the south side, or some bullshit. Yod, were there any gravedirts in the Cerulean Seahouse, or the people that you rescued? Let's see, what were there, like, two dozen people? No, there were, like, a dozen living people, and then there were also some others who were no longer living. But were any of them gravedirts? Well, yes to both, right? It's like the Birkenhead Paradox. Yeah, probably, yeah. Yod would probably find at least a cousin, and, like, an obscure, weird, inbred thing for which there is no name. Perfect. Okay. That's Kenan. So, he'll probably be pretty broken up about that. Is it a cousin thing? Nameless relative? Can I insert name here? Yeah. Nameless relative. Not Bubba Gravedirt. Bubba Gravedirt's kind of important to me. Yeah. No, we can't. Is there really a Bubba Gravedirt? Yeah, it was the Patriarch, right? Love. No, Bubba Gravedirt was your cousin who was crushed in an industrial accident between a log and a log ship. Oh, right. The freaking ghost. The guy whose corpse was there in the mud. Yeah. Yeah. The mud formed into the...

into this his face and when that dissolves um well done y'all you completed chapter two i can't wait to see what y'all come up with for the sandbox um again again the pace of the campaign's gonna feel very different so everyone be ready for that um i talked about the dead ends in exploration don't look for an immediate resolution to like what was happening because that's gonna take a while uh oh the last the last thing that i want to say is um yeah so we're exiting what i think of as like the the first part of the ap where you saw a lot of enemies that were like hamstrung in some way like the the apron didn't engage right away the the buso was sickened to start the combat even mo was not really i didn't play mo intentionally i didn't play mo optimally there are no more npcs like that just so y'all know uh danger ramp is at the start of that okay yeah is it still going to be like like puzzles that need solved in that same sort of a way when like interacting with an apron who like is is there and we're like uh do we try and talk to you do we be nice to you

loads yeah you know what i mean is that still the uh strategy yeah there's very much a dynamic of like a lot of these encounters can be solved multiple ways not all of them are combat some of them are 100 combat but not all of them okay okay but uh it's dangerous to fuck around a bit more it's going to be pretty exciting to have a mayor who's immortal enemies with the only lawyer in town presuming you'll get mayorship nobody wants to run against a grave dirt they'll get too muddy and also she's she's empowered by she's empowered by the deity who has blessed the town thanks to your efforts one of the town deities who've blessed the town for rhizomes on the list yep she's empowered by the law and avidar she's she's feeling feeling herself and we haven't even met her yeah maybe she died maybe she died no she's she's the thing you're right on craig yod we get a p what is uh ipad i'm craig stop slash stop what you you don't want craig to have to deal with this nonsense

